Please provide a brief summary of the goal and methods of your research. You should cover the following:
- What is the goal of the study?
- If you have human participants, what will you ask them to do?
- If you perform data analyses, what methods will you use?
- To what extent will the design of later parts of your study be affected by the findings of earlier parts?

  The goal of this survey is to collect the feedback of participants' opinions regarding the usage and design of the user interface of the MSc project.
  The list of the questions that will be asked is related to the beauty and convenience of the user interface, which is scored from the scales of 0 to 5 and 0 to 10. The questionnaire will include three sections: SUS (System Usability Scale Questionnaire), QUIS (Questionnaire  for  User  Interaction  Satisfaction) and open-ended feedback.
  To analyse the data, we will use the numbers from the questionnaire and scale them up to 100. Then, we will measure them against Bangor's adjective ratings to translate the final numbers into interpretable feedback.
  The design of the later parts of the study will not affect the earlier parts since this survey is meant to collect participants' opinions. Therefore, each question in the questionnaire will not be related to each other.

Who will directly benefit from your research?
  Research team of the MSc project, users from the industries that want to use the product of this MSc project, the competitors in the field related to the project.

How do you ensure confidentiality? Describe your procedures for anonymisation / pseudonymisation, ensuring differential privacy, and other relevant procedures. Recommended length: 50 words. 
  We ensure the confidentiality by not collecting their personal information in the first place. We only collect the opinions of the participants while using the system.

How have you trained all researchers who have access to the data on their responsibilities for safe data handling and storage?  Listing training programmes and certificates is enough. 
  All the researchers will go through all the mandatory data protection training on LEARN.
  Training course: DATA PROTECTION TRAINING

What information about participants or data subjects will you collect or use?
  We will collect participants' opinions regarding the beauty and convenience of the user interface of the system.

How will you store data securely?
  We will create a private storage on Onenote in our university's account, and store the data there.
